New Branch for Emotionallity Detection (#334)
code-kern-ai/bricks: classifiers/text_analysis/emotionality_detection/code_snippet_common.md

```python

import requests
import spacy

def emotionality_detection(text, api_key):
      headers = {"Authorization": f"Bearer {api_key}"}
      data = {"inputs": text}
      try: 
            response = requests.post("https://api-inference.huggingface.co/models/j-hartmann/emotion-english-distilroberta-base", headers=headers, json=data)
            response_json = response.json()

>             ner_positions = []

Reviewer: This is supposed to be a classification brick and not an extraction one. This code tries to extract entities from a text and yield them, which is not how this model works. The output of the model returns a list containing a dict like this: [[{'label': 'disgust', 'score': 0.8062547445297241}, {'label': 'sadness', 'score': 0.107185959815979}, {'label': 'anger', 'score': 0.06451956927776337}, {'label': 'fear', 'score': 0.014504954218864441}, {'label': 'neutral', 'score': 0.0030063888989388943}, {'label': 'joy', 'score': 0.0026550842449069023}, {'label': 'surprise', 'score': 0.0018732782918959856}]]

Doing NER won't work.

> 
>             nlp = spacy.load("en_core_web_sm")
>             doc = nlp(text)
> 
>             for item in response_json:
>                   start = item["start"]
>                   end = item["end"]
>                   span = doc.char_span(start, end, alignment_mode="expand")
>                   ner_positions.append((item["entity_group"], span.start, span.end))
>             return ner_positions
>       except Exception as e: 
>             return f"That didn't work. Did you provide a valid API key? Go error: {e} and message: {response_json}"
> 
> # ↑ necessary bricks function 

Reviewer: Common code should be like this: 

```suggestion
import requests

def emotionality_detection(text, api_key):
      headers = {"Authorization": f"Bearer {api_key}"}
      data = {"inputs": text}
      try: 
            response = requests.post("https://api-inference.huggingface.co/models/j-hartmann/emotion-english-distilroberta-base", headers=headers, json=data)
            response_json = response.json()

            # flatten the list of lists
            flat_list = [item for sublist in response_json for item in sublist]

            # find the item with the highest score
            max_item = max(flat_list, key=lambda x: x["score"])

            # retrieve the label of the item with the highest score
            max_label = max_item["label"]

            return max_label
      except Exception as e: 
            return f"That didn't work. Did you provide a valid API key? Go error: {e} and message: {response_json}"

# ↑ necessary bricks function 
# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# ↓ example implementation 

def example_integration():
      hf_api_key = "<API_KEY_GOES_HERE>"
      texts = ["What a great day to go to the beach.", "Sorry to hear that. CAn I help you?", "Why the hell would you do that?"]
      for text in texts:
            output = emotionality_detection(text, api_key=hf_api_key)
            print(output)

example_integration()
```

# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# ↓ example implementation 

def emotionality_detection():

>       hf_api_key = "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"

Reviewer: @SvenjaKern Please watch out to **never** include API keys in your git commits. Please deactivate this API key and generate a new one. This is a public repository, which are often scanned for keys like this which can then be abused.

      texts = ["What a great day to go to the beach.", "Sorry to hear that. CAn I help you?", "Why the hell would you do that?"]
      for text in texts:

>             output = emotion_detection(text, api_key=hf_api_key)

Reviewer: Name of the function call doesn't match up to the actual function.
